[Elixir] Concept exercise: booleans (#1132)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/booleans/.docs/hints.md

### General

Don't worry about how the paramaters are derived, just focus on combining the parameters to return the intended result.

### 1. Define if pac-man can eat a ghost

- You need to define a [named function][named-function] with 2 arguments.

>   - The first argument is a [boolean][boolean] value, whether pac-man has eaten a pill.
>   - The second argument is a [boolean][boolean] value, whether pac-man touched a ghost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The first argument is a [boolean][boolean] value, whether pac-man has a power pellet active.
  - The second argument is a [boolean][boolean] value, whether pac-man is touching a ghost.
```
I think using the present tense is a little more clear.
